welcome back everyone Maddie with you
zero fitness here for part two with the
QA I will link part one on the screen if
you missed that one but let's just get
right into the questions what's your
opinion on low frequency high volume
training such as ice cream fitnesses
five by five for novice lifters I share
about to Jason Blaha who also does these
q and A's check out his channel by the
way unbelievably knowledgeable very
entertaining great at trolling and his q
and A's are excellent he answers a ton
of questions in a concise short amount
of time with great answers so to answer
your question you said low frequency the
five by five I believe is a full body
workout done three times a week which is
pretty high frequency for hitting each
muscle three times a week it's uh it's a
great program honestly hop on it has
built-in progressions he has a whole
thread on bodybuilding com forums he has
videos on it so if you follow that I'm
sure you will see results would cardio
impact your muscle growth if you're
bulking really depends on how much you
do if your cardio is bringing you into a
caloric deficit or taking away from your
surplus calories it's probably going to
hinder your gains a little bit I do
recommend doing cardio when bulking just
not an excessive amount what's your take
on a body running on ketones a keto diet
how often to refeed and how would you
approach this I would approach this by
visiting Lyle McDonald's website or
buying his book on the ketogenic diet he
can answer your questions a lot better
than me I've never done a ketosis diet
and I don't plan on doing one I'm a big
fan of carbohydrates for strength for
training for st. ID for mood I think
they have a ton of benefits so unless
you have some kind of insulin
sensitivity problem or you're very
sensitive to carbs I wouldn't really
recommend doing it how close should you
be to your macros or is hitting the
right amount of calories important
that's all personal preference I think
hitting your macronutrient goals might
be a little bit more precise if that's
what you're looking to do if you're
looking to gain weight or lose weight
and simply don't care whether it's fat
muscle anything like that the calorie
numbers what's important how big your
deficit or surplus is but I think
hitting your macro nutrient targets
would be more specific and I think it
gives a better breakdown of what you're
actually taking in for the day what is
your favorite music to train to really
anything I have a gym music playlist you
could check out it's actually on the
channel so you can just check that out
and see some of the songs i have on
their fasted training and cardio yes or
no I used to Train fasted I thought I
liked it but I realized how much I
missed eating carbs before training and
how much of an impact they had on my
training so I don't think it's necessary
if you choose to do that that's fine but
I do think your intensity might suffer
just a little bit but if you want to
give it a try and see how you feel
that's completely fine is hit more
effective with fat loss in the morning
due to a fasted state as I answered the
question before if that's what you
prefer then fine i don't recommend doing
any high intensity training fested you
probably won't be able to go as intense
as you think I definitely recommend the
meal at least an hour and a half to two
hours before so you have something in
your system to work off what's the
biggest thing when it comes to losing
belly fat a calorie deficit time
consistency dedication persistence
patience it just takes time who's your
favorite musical artists top three and a
genre I love music I love all types of
music I've seen many different people in
concept I've seen country bands i've
seen eminem and jay z I've seen Dave
Matthews Band's I really am open to
anything I love music alright I think
we're actually going to bring this into
a part 3 I didn't realize there were
this many questions so as always like I
said timestamps are in the description
and I will catch you in the next video
part 3